You just aggressively said you were going to kill me
Do you still want me to bite you?
Hurry up and cut off your hands and get out of here
It's my ringtone, it's your master
Please forgive me.
Dry.
face
I didn't expect you to come to Jinhai
Can you give me a Buddhist noodle?
Let me entertain you
I have something else to do
Don't waste my time.
I'll go first
YES YES YES
Who the hell are you?
Why is this kind of shame and evil afraid of you?
I don't even know who I am.
Anyway, just have something
Hey ah ah ah ah
Aren't you a martial arts genius?
How did you get beaten up like this?
I said sister-in-law, don't be proud
My dad is something you can't afford to offend
Just after blowing the cow, he was beaten like this
It seems that your bragging problem still can't be changed
Wife let's go
Stop eating with this trash
It affects my appetite
Hello
What? I'll be right back
What's up?